This folder contains scripts to do EPPIC pre-computation 

Author : Kumaran Baskaran
Date : 05-07-2013


Eppic Pre Computation usually done in tow part. 

Part 1: to be done on a local mechine

1. download necessary files : DonwloadFiles
2. upload to mysql database : UploadToDatabase
3. update blastdb files: UpdateBlastDB
4. create unique fast seq: CreateUniqueFasta

all above steps can be done manually using the corresponding scripts (or) eppic-precomp-local script will do all those jobs in sequence and transfer the necessary files to merlin.

Hint: The best way to do is use the “eppic-precomp-local” script and if there is a problem in the middle., comment the finished step and rerun “eppic-precomp-local” 

at the end of local computing , a folder named “eppic-precomp-yyyy-mm-dd” will be created and transfers to the home folder of merlin.(if you have passwd free access to merlin, otherwise one has to manually transfer the folder to merlin. 

Part 2: cluster computing 

Here its split into two steps:

step 1: create blast cache files
Simply edit the paths in eppic-precomp-merlin script and run it. This will generate a qsub script to create blast cache files

step 2: eppic pre computation:
1. rsync the local pdb database to latest one
2. set up the right uiprot version in the eppic.conf file
3. go to eppic_precomp folder inside  eppic-precomp-yyyy-mm-dd and run ./configure_jobs 0

Note: 0 indicates initial run

It will generate folders named input, output, qsubscripts
4. go to qsubscripts and submit the jobs one by one

5. Once first chunk is finished you can run ./configure_jobs 1 1
first number indicates the rerun count
second number indicates the chunk number

it will generate the new files for the missing entries 

similarly for the second chunk ./configure_jobs 1 2

in the rerun the RAM is increased to 16G

after the first rerun if still some files are missing then the second rerun ./configure_jobs 2 1
In this case once has to manually edit the RAM value in qsubscripts/eppic_chunk1run_2
.sh
